The Gaming Room is designed for multiple operating systems that would allow the user to game on the go if they desired. Having this kind of client showed the team that they should be able to construct a game that allows different functionality and features. These would allow the game to run on multiple operating systems for the users that play the game.
Coming with ways to make sure the teams know what is the best path to take to make an effective product would be my strongest feature in the documentation. This is because the team needs to know what will work the best for the given project. Can not afford to guess on the wrong platform as that could lead to more frustration and time correcting any errors that comes up. 
I found “Evaluation” the most helpful part of the documentation because this is the part that show what each of the operating systems did what. This gave useful insight on each of the systems and allowed the team to see what each one did. From there the team could see which one to pick without any worry on what system is going to do what. 
Design constraints could have been done more effectively in my opinion as the recommendation could have involved more involved with the teams and how each department would handle a certain part. Communicating to all the developers will be more beneficial to the project as the problems could be fixed more efficiently while staying on time. 
In order to figure out that the user needed in this kind of project I had to picture myself as the user and see what would be the most useful during each part of the game. The analysis came out to what the user would found more enjoyable in the game and then go from there while staying on the same theme of the game. This is important because the company should know what is working and what is not working since the ones buying the product is the customer and they’re feedback is essential to know.
Understanding the approach design came from feedback loops and seeing what appealed more to the targeted audience for the game. Then taking that information and going off of that to make the most appropriate fixes. The techniques I would use in the future would be more skill focused interviews, user friendly interfaces, and prototyping. These, in my opinion, would give a more thorough insight in what the current problems would be and then take the right actions to make sure to address them.
# GamingRoom
